DISPATCHER (over radio):
One Two Sector Adam,
what's your location?
OFFICER: One Two Adam
to Central.
(siren wailing)
Suspects are southbound
on Lenox
at 122 street,
going toward 121.
DISPATCHER (over radio):
10-4, One Two Adam.
OFFICER: Whoa, whoa, whoa,
they're cutting left!
(horn blaring)
Central, this is One Two Adam.
Now heading westbound on 121.
Suspects are two black males,
early 20s,
one in a black jacket
with a hoodie,
one in a red jacket,
gray hoodie.
Both in blue jeans.
DISPATCHER (over radio):
Copy that, One Two Adam.
I need any available units
to report to 121 and Lenox.
Officers in pursuit
of robbery suspects.
Central, suspects are now
northbound in an alley
next to the sporting goods store
heading toward 122.
In pursuit.
(tires screech)
Hey, police!
Sector Adam Shield
198 to Central.
198, go.
OFFICER: We're 84,
pursuing suspect on foot
northbound in an alley
towards 122.
Copy that, 198.
Units responding.
Be advised, Sector Adam
are on foot in the alley
heading northbound toward 122.
OFFICER (over radio):
Sector Adam 841 to Central!
Suspect scaled
a barbed wire fence!
(static) ...heading eastbound
toward Lenox!
DISPATCHER:
841, repeat. I didn't copy that.
841, go again.
(distorted shouting,
static crackling)
198, stand by.
841, go.
841, do you have a visual?
OFFICER:
Uh, negative. I'm doubling back.
OFFICER 2: ...shots fired!
DISPATCHER: All units, stand by.
198, you're breaking up.
Come in to Central.
OFFICER: Do you have
a 10-7 on my partner?
DISPATCHER:
All units, stand by.
198, what is your location?
OFFICER 2:
Suspect is headed...
Police! Show me your hands!
(gunshot)
DISPATCHER:
198, come in to Central.
198, do you copy?
CROWD (chanting):
There was no gun!
There was no gun! There was
no gun! There was no gun!
REPORTER:
Ted, I'm learning
that the victim of the shooting,
Timothy Brown, was allegedly
involved in a jewelry
store robbery
with an accomplice who
has not been apprehended.
An anonymous
high-ranking official
has revealed,
however, that Timothy Brown,
a college student, was unarmed
at the time of the shooting.
This is the second fatality
at the hands of police
in less than a week,
and as you know,
the other victim was gunned
down just blocks from here
and was unarmed as well.
CROWD (chanting):
There was no gun!
I don't know how many times
I got to say it.
He had a gun;
the kid took a shot at me.
You called it in?
Yeah, I called it in.
So what happened to the gun?
I don't know.
Don't you think
I would tell you that
if I knew?
There's 200 people outside
that would like to take
a baseball bat to my head!
A kid robs a jewelry store,
and it's my word
that's in question?
Kevin, relax, buddy.
No one's questioning
your word, Kevin.
We're just trying to
work out what happened.
The more we know,
the more we can control
any misinformation
that gets out there, all right?
Trey and I got separated
when the two of them split up
in the alley.
Suspect is running northbound
in a tunnel towards 122.
Stop, stop!
Police!
Stop! Stop!
198 in pursuit
down the alley behind, uh...
DISPATCHER:
198, stand by.
841... 841,
do you have a visual?
OFFICER:
Uh, negative. I'm doubling back.
(gunshot)
10-13, 10-13, shots fired!
DISPATCHER (staticky):
All... stand by.
198, you're breaking... Central.
Police! Don't move!
Show me your hands!
(gunshot)
Kevin, you all right?!
Yeah, he took a shot at me.
198, come in to Central.
198, do you copy?
FLACK:
So you're saying that after
he popped off the one shot,
he ditched the gun
and you called in a 13?
That's not what I'm saying;
that's what happened.
Okay.
Central never heard your 13.
Well, that must be
the first time
that the radios didn't work.
Did he have a gun in his
hand while he was running?
No.
And you saw him reaching
into his pocket
when you shot him?
He spun around, his hand was
up by his inside pocket.
Which alley could he
have dumped the gun in?
I don't know.
It was like a maze in there.
Look, guys... detectives,
I don't have
to talk to you.
I have 48 hours
before I can be compelled
to give a statement to IAB,
but I know what that looks like.
You both think that gives me
48 hours to perfect my lie.
I am not lying.
That kid took a shot at me.
I called a 13.
(crowd clamoring outside)
Stay there.
Don't move!
(clamoring)
OFFICER:
10-13! One-two precinct.
Disorderly group trying
to forcibly enter
the precinct.
(clamoring)
(glass shattering)
(clamoring continues)
Get off of me!
* Out here in the fields
* I fight for my meals
* I get my back into my living
* Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
(clamoring)
REPORTER (over TV):
What began
as a peaceful demonstration
escalated into
a bloody confrontation
this morning
inside this Manhattan precinct.
Dozens of police officers
and civilians were injured.
At least ten arrests
were made, and it doesn't look
like the tension
has come even close
to subsiding.
(clamoring continues)
The crowd out here has grown
to approximately 1,500,
and no one is any closer
to getting the answers
that they sought,
particularly Tori Bell,
Timothy Brown's girlfriend,
who is here with me now.
Miss Bell, is there anything
you'd like to say?
Tim didn't rob anybody.
They're saying he
robbed a jewelry store,
and I can't believe
he would do that.
He wasn't a violent
person, and...
I've never seen him raise
his hand towards anyone,
let alone rob a jewelry store.
He was a good man.
I loved him
very much.
I just want to know
what happened.
The mope took a shot at him.
That's what happened.
You saw him take a shot
at Hopkins?
No.
You hear the shot?
So how do you know
that Brown took a shot
at Hopkins?
Because Kevin said so,
and that's good enough for me.
Well, that's not
good enough for me.
And it's not good enough
for the bosses down at One P.P.
Start from the beginning.
Look, I already gave
my statement to IAB.
Well, tell us.
(scoffs)
I can't believe
how out of control this got.
All because some punk wants
to buy his jewelry
by sticking a gun
in the owner's face.
2,000 people out
there for this guy.
They were tossing jewelry
on the ground
while we were chasing them.
LOVATO:
Did you see a gun
in either one's hand
while they were running?
No.
What happened after you
abandoned your vehicle?
They split up.
I followed the one kid
down an alleyway to the left.
Police!
(generator whirring loudly)
Stop!
Sector Adam 841 to Central!
Suspect has scaled
a barbed wire fence!
Last seen heading eastbound
toward Lenox!
That's when I doubled back
to find Hopkins.
Had you heard a shot
at that point?
No, but that doesn't mean
that it didn't happen.
The generator in the alley
was like standing
next to an airplane.
So when did you hear the shot?
I was coming around
one of the corners when...
(gunshot)
Kevin, you all right?!
Yeah, he took a shot at me.
DISPATCHER:
198, come in to Central.
He had a gun.
198, do you copy?
(camera clicks, sirens wailing)
*
LOVATO:
What do you think?
It would've been so easy for him
to cover for Hopkins and lie.
All he would have to do
is say that he heard two shots,
and there would be nothing
we could do to dispute it.
So you think the vic really did
take a shot at Hopkins?
I think he thinks the vic
took a shot at Hopkins.
But the truth is,
no one knows what happened
in that alley
except for Hopkins
and Timothy Brown.
We need evidence.
(cell phone ringing)
Calling to tell me
you found the gun?
Wish I had good news.
We've combed the alley,
can't find anything.
Dumpsters, doors, garbage bags?
He could've tossed the gun
on a roof, maybe.
Mac, there is no gun.
What's the situation there?
Do we have a lead on the perp
that got away?
Not yet, and things are
definitely not quieting down.
It's all over the news,
and now half the community
is outside.
There's maybe 1,500 people
out there.
Maybe Sid's got something.
Well, he better.
We need something to tell us
whether or not Hopkins is lying.
Sid.
Hey, Mac, is everything
all right over there?
Yeah, we're hanging in,
but it's gonna get ugly again
if we can't provide
any satisfactory answers.
Well, let's hope
what I'm about to tell you
doesn't get leaked
to the press.
You're with the body?
I haven't started the autopsy,
uh, but I performed
some preliminary examinations.
That tox showed no alcohol
or drugs in the victim's system.
But more importantly,
Timothy Brown's hands
tested negative
for gunshot residue.
Did Jo find
any ballistic evidence
at the crime scene?
No.
Hopkins is lying about the gun.
(chanting): We want the truth!
We want the truth!
We want the truth! We want...
No, no GSR on the vic.
I think that's the wrong call.
Respectfully, sir,
I think locking him up
and letting the grand jury
sort it out is a cop-out.
I-I realize the political
implications of this,
but we deserve more time,
and Hopkins deserves better
than punting to the grand jury.
I understand.
Whatever you say, Chief.
REPORTER (on TV):
Officers and detectives
are more or less
barricaded inside,
as demonstrators have virtually
surrounded the precinct.
Officials within the NYPD
are not releasing the names
of the officers involved
in the shooting,
but we have learned that
they are officers Kevin Hopkins
and Trey Jensen.
Might as well hang
wanted posters outside.
Officer Hopkins, a member of
the NYPD for the last two years,
has been brought before
the Civilian Complaint
Review Board in the past.
Oh, come on, Victoria!
You know about that?
Yeah, he responded to a 911 call
of a domestic disturbance.
A wife wanted her husband locked
up for hiding her cigarettes.
Hopkins asked the husband
to hide her phone, too.
The complaint was dismissed.
...ahold of both of
the officers' personnel files...
(turns off TV)
What's the chief say?
It's not just Sinclair, it's
the mayor and the D.A., too.
This thing spun out of control,
so they're saying,
"Just lock 'em up.
Let the grand jury sort it out."
You satisfied with that?
Not at all.
You want to tell me
what's going on?
I'll tell you what's going on
when you stop lying to me.
What's that supposed to mean?
Timothy Brown didn't have a gun.
No gun. No ballistics.
We've been over this
a hundred times.
I came around the corner...
He didn't have gunshot residue
on his hands or his jacket.
Nothing, not a speck.
You want to tell me
how that happens?
See, the thing is,
you didn't have to lie.
You didn't need it.
Here's what I
think happened.
You chased a guy who just
robbed a jewelry store.
You came around the corner,
you identified yourself
as a police officer,
he disobeyed
your command,
he spun around with his hand
up by his chest, and you fired.
You did everything right.
The truth would've been enough;
the truth is enough.
But you thought it
wouldn't look good,
so you had to say
he fired at you.
You're a good police
officer, Kevin,
but you got to stop
lying to me.
Detective Taylor, I respect you,
I got respect for you,
but screw you.
That kid,
he pointed a gun
and he shot at me,
and I will go to my grave
swearing by that.
Take me out there.
I will... I will
walk you through it.
It's too dangerous
to bring you out there.
But we can
bring the scene to you.
ROSS:
There's no way I'm chasing a guy
who may or may not have a gun
down this alley.
HAWKES: When's the last time
you chased anyone at all?
HOPKINS (over earpiece):
I think he went right.
Hawkes, take a right
at the end of this tunnel.
10-4, Mac.
Are you sure
he went right?
Yeah, he definitely went right.
Is this where
he took the shot?
No. No, it wasn't right
out of the dark alley.
Keep going down.
You sure?
Yeah.
Yeah, it was,
it was more narrow and...
198 in pursuit down
the alley behind...
There was, there was
fire escapes.
It was more narrow.
There was fire escapes.
Hang on.
TAYLOR:
Adam, stay there for a sec.
Is this it?
I think so.
I'm not sure.
Yeah.
That is the corner.
I remember, I took cover.
I was leaning
right against that wall.
(gunshot)
10-13, 10-13!
Shot's fired!
Mac, got an impact mark
on this pipe here.
(sighs)
Adam, can you zoom in?
(camera whirring)
Hawkes, if Timothy Brown was
standing in that alley
when he took the shot,
there's got to be a casing.
All right.
Just tell me when to stop.
Right about there.
He was standing right there
in the center.
*
(sighs)
You still think I'm lying?
(clamoring)
We want justice!
No, Hawkes, go straight back
to the lab and get that casing
into Brass Catcher.
Maybe we can connect this
to Timothy Brown
or anyone else he runs with.
This is gonna get ugly again.
And I don't care how many
reinforcements we call in,
if they want to get in,
they're getting in.
(banging on windows)
We got to get Hopkins
and Jensen out of here.
I'm with you on that,
but they're not going out
through those doors.
So, if you have any ideas,
I'm all ears.
Those ambulances are still
out back by the dock.
(crowd clamoring)
(chanting):
...no peace!
No justice, no peace!
No justice,
no peace!
(siren whooping, horn honking)
(chanting continues)
(clamoring)
MAN:
We need help!
Dispatch, get some
cops out here!
(chanting, clamoring continue)
Yo, that's one of them!
That's one of the guys!
(clamoring)
Help me! Hey! Hey!
(crowd clamoring)
(grunts)
MAN: Move out of the way!
Let the police through!
(rhythmic banging on shields)
Get off me!
Come on!
You all right?
I am now.
(glass shatters)
Let's get the hell out of
here! Let's go! Let's go!
(clamoring continues)
*
Match.
Lord, tell me you
found something.
I've got two somethings.
Two matches in Brass Catcher
to the shell casings
recovered in the alley.
Two different shootings,
six weeks apart.
Both in the 6-4,
both in the vicinity of Avenue Q
and 12th street.
The most recent,
December of last year.
Now, no arrests
in either case,
but I'm not so sure
they're connected
to the jewelry store robbery.
122nd Street in
Manhattan is a long way
from Avenue Q
in Brooklyn.
Yeah.
But it may not be
as far as we think.
That jacket that
belonged to the perp
who went over the
barbed wire fence
that Danny processed--
turns out, it had a hole
in the pocket.
He found a piece of paper
inside the lining
of the jacket.
It had been washed a few times.
Turns out, it was a summons
issued a few months ago
in the 64th Precinct
for drinking alcohol
in an open container
in public.
That was the 4300
block of Avenue Q.
Right up the block from these
two unsolved shootings.
So that connects
our guy who jumped
over the barbed wire fence
to the neighborhood
where the shootings occurred.
Avenue Q and 12th is a
residential neighborhood.
So that drinking summons tells
me this is where they hang out,
and that's where we
need to be looking.
Yeah, but we don't have Jensen
or Hopkins to put into a car
to do an area search, and the
jewelry store owner can't I.D.
There were no cameras in the
jewelry store, and we don't have
a good screen shot from the
dash cam in the squad car.
So we don't know who the
hell we're looking for.
(computer beeping)
How's Hopkins?
He got roughed up pretty good.
But he's okay;
could've been worse.
Any sign of the
protest letting up?
None. Crowds have
actually gotten bigger.
Commissioner called
a Level 2 mobilization.
More reinforcements are
on the way.
The only way
this thing is gonna die down
is if we get some more answers.
We need that other guy
in the alley
with Hopkins and Jensen.
The shell casing--
did it get us anything?
It got us to a neighborhood
where one of
our jewelry store perps
might hang.
DANVILLE:
The problem is,
Mac, we need a photo
or a witness who can I.D.
Jensen made it out of here
before they got Hopkins.
He's at headquarters.
He got a look at the guy
who went over the fence.
Put him in a car
and get out there.
Come on, finding them
hanging out in the streets
seems like a long shot.
You might be right,
but right now,
it's the only
good lead we've got.
REPORTER:
Tonight's top story continues
to be the community unrest
outside the 12th Street
Precinct in Manhattan
over the alleged shooting
of an unarmed man by police.
The mayor and police
commissioner continue to call
for calm, but protesters
remain defiant.
Some in the community
are labeling the death
of Timothy Brown
a cold-blooded murder.
JENSEN:
Any of those jackass
reporters that talk
to Kevin Hopkins for
five minutes-- they'd realize
how ridiculous
that statement is.
WOMAN (over radio):
...one of the two police
officers involved...
DANVILLE:
Recognize anybody?
...Officer Kevin Hopkins
shot the 26-year-old...
What you looking at?
Nope.
None of them are the guys
we were chasing down
to murder in cold blood.
The other unidentified
suspect remains at large.
Yeah.
All right, be safe.
(clamoring continues outside)
No luck yet on the perp
who went over the fence,
but they're still looking.
Boss, I don't want to tell you
how to conduct your business,
but you got to answer
your phone.
Okay? Your voicemail's
all jacked up,
Jo doesn't pick up her phone--
I was literally
left unsupervised
for a really long time.
Adam, what's going on?
How the hell did you get
past that mob outside?
Well, I-I parked my car, like,
20 blocks away and I walked.
And I'm not gonna lie, I almost
got jacked a couple times,
but as long as I, you know,
pumped my fist up
in the air and yelled
some crazy things
and kicked over a garbage can,
I was... I was good,
I was totally good.
Okay, what's so important?
The jewelry
that we found
in Timothy Brown's pocket--
okay, we all assumed
that it was
part of the robbery, right?
Now, a lot of it was stamped
14-karat gold, and I'm really
good with my precious metals,
so some of it
didn't look right,
so I tested some of
the heavier-gauge bracelets.
Turns out,
it was 14-karat iron.
It dissolved
in hydrochloric acid
and had a phony gold stamp.
Worthless.
Right? So I went back
out in the field
and I... and I did
some more legwork,
and I really hope
that that's okay.
Yeah, it's fine. Go on.
The jewelry belonged
to Brown, Mac.
All right? He was trying to
hock it at another jewelry store
about a block away
from the one that got robbed.
He was just trying to scrape
in a couple extra bucks
together to get this.
It's an engagement ring.
He was gonna propose
to his girl.
Now, I tracked
down the store
through the serial number
of the diamond,
and I spoke to the owner.
Timothy Brown was in there
around the same time
that the other store got hit.
Mac,
Timothy Brown had nothing
to do with the robbery.
Both those perps
are still out there.
DISPATCHER:
All units, be advised,
the 12th Squad is seeking
two males in connection with
the jewelry store robbery
earlier today.
They are two male blacks,
20 to 25 years old,
one wearing a black ski jacket
and blue jeans,
the other in a gray hoodie
and blue jeans.
These males are known to
frequent the 4300 block
of Avenue Q in Brooklyn.
(indistinct chatter)
JENSEN:
That's him.
That's the guy
that went over the fence.
Whoa, the guy in the
black ski jacket.
He's the guy
Hopkins was chasing.
DANNY: Jensen, stay put.
MAN: Go, go, go!
(siren wailing)
(grunting)
(grunts)
Hey, NYPD!
Come out right now with
your hands above your head!
Turn around!
Show me your hands!
Hands up!
Everybody okay?
DANNY:
Yeah, everybody but him.
There's no gun.
Did you see a gun?
No, b-but I saw him reaching
for something in that mailbox.
(sniffs)
Come on, Ray, pull
yourself together.
We're almost done.
Look, I'm trying, man.
That was my homeboy
you guys killed.
Yeah, well, he made
a bad choice, Ray.
He went for that gun.
After Keith came home
from upstate,
he said, "I'm never
going back to jail."
I guess he wasn't lying.
That gun has been
around the block a few times.
Two shootings in Brooklyn.
And then the jewelry
store robbery today.
Who does it belong to?
It belonged to everybody.
That gun always in that mailbox.
It's like...
going to the library
or something.
Taking out a book.
You go in there, you take it,
you need it, you use it,
you put it back, that's it--
it's the honor system.
So earlier today,
you and Keith checked out a gun
and then used it to hold up
a jewelry store?
Look, I told you
before, okay?
We wasn't meaning to use it.
We was gonna front
on those people in case
they got bold or something.
And then maybe
shoot a few cops if they were
bold enough to chase you?
Nah, I wasn't trying
to kill that cop.
I was just trying to shoot him.
You were just trying
to shoot him?
HOPKINS:
...in the alley behind, uh...
JENSEN (over radio):
Uh, negative! I'm doubling back!
(gunshot)
10-13! Shots fired!
That place was
all tore up like it was
out of business or something.
I hit the streets,
ditched into the subway,
and hopped a train
back to Brooklyn, that's it.
We did that stickup,
but we didn't hurt nobody.
You hurt so many people.
Thank you for coming.
Still can't believe Tim's dead.
This is crazy.
All those people out there
fighting the police,
demanding justice for Tim.
They're looking for
what we've been
looking for: answers.
Do you have any?
That's why I
asked you here.
I want you to
hear the truth.
Before you read some
version of it in the papers
or hear it
on the news.
I... I want
to understand, Detective.
Really, I do.
But there is
nothing you can say to me
that'll change anything.
I mean...
How could that cop
just murder Tim like that?
(sighs)
Take a walk with me?
If I could step in front
of that bullet to save that man,
I swear to God I would do it.
That would feel
better than this.
I was scared, Detective.
I was shaking all over.
Like a coward.
And maybe if I just...
kept my cool,
I would've hesitated.
I would've seen he had no gun.
That he was the wrong guy.
And what if it was
the right guy?
And he had a gun.
Then maybe it's you
lying in that alley.
That's the nature of
this job, Hopkins.
There's no do-overs.
You're forced to make
the best decision
given the circumstances,
and you better make it fast.
That's what
you're trained to do.
That's what you did.
Let me tell
you something.
A coward doesn't run
after an armed man
who's trying to kill him.
A coward runs away.
But that kid is dead now.
And he didn't do
a damn thing wrong.
And his family...
and his girl...
...what do I say to them?
You can feel
bad about that.
If you didn't, I'd think
you didn't have conscience.
(door opens)
That kid's dead
because two sons of bitches
decided to rob a jewelry store.
Simple as that.
TAYLOR:
At the very same moment
our suspect was
disappearing through the
back door of the theater...
...Tim
appeared in the alley
coming from
the opposite direction.
I'm not asking you
to excuse what happened,
I just want you
to understand why.
TORI:
I get it.
They were wearing
the same clothes,
they had the same color skin.
That... cop thought that Tim
was the one shooting at him.
It was wrong.
He made a mistake, he...
killed the wrong man.
Yes, he did.
An innocent man, a good man.
And he'll have to live with
the burden of that mistake
for the rest of his life.
I'm sorry there was
no easy way to do this, but...
I thought you should know.
Tim had this
in his pocket.
He was planning
to give it to you.
"Today is life."
"The only life you're sure of.
Make the most of today."
That's how Tim signed off
all his letters to me
when he was away at college.
Seems kind of prophetic now.
I'm sorry.
Miss Bell.
Uh, no.
Please.
Only remind me
of what could have been.
VICTORIA:
The numbers have not diminished,
but the intensity of the protest
seems to have waned
for the moment,
after word that the mayor
has agreed to meet
with community leaders
and answer questions regarding
the death of Timothy Brown.
Brown's longtime girlfriend,
Tori Bell,
was summoned to the precinct
a short time ago by police,
leading to speculation...
MAN: There she is!
There she is!
VICTORIA:
H-Hold on.
It appears Miss Bell is emerging
from the precinct.
REPORTER:
Tori, do you blame Hopkins?
REPORTER 2:
Tori, are they making excuses...
(reporters clamoring)
Do you want Officer
Hopkins to go to jail?
Miss Bell,
what are police saying?
REPORTER: What
can you tell us?
(crowd quiets)
Uh...
I can tell you that
today is the worst day
of my life.
It's the worst day in the lives
of Timothy's family
and the people who loved him.
But it's also the worst day
in the life of Officer Hopkins.
(crowd murmurs angrily)
Hold on.
Please.
All of this has to stop.
(crowd quiets)
That officer
didn't wake up this morning,
go to work
and set out to kill Tim.
That happened because two men
woke up this morning
and decided that they were gonna
come to this neighborhood
and steal what doesn't
belong to them.
They tried to take
that policeman's life
while he was protecting ours.
And I hope...
someday that maybe
I can find a way
to forgive Officer Hopkins.
But I will never forgive
those two men
that came here with a gun.
Because their actions
took something from me
a hundred times more valuable
than all of the jewelry
in that store.
They stole the love of my life.
*
TAYLOR: As police officers
in this big, complicated city,
we see so much bad.
So many souls filled
with hatred and violence.
And it's our job
to look for them,
chase after them
and confront them.
(siren wailing)
Over time, they can
become all we see.
As with all evil,
some good will
always come from it.
It can bring us together with
some of the most dedicated,
honorable,
kind-hearted people
we could ever hope to meet.
It can fill hearts
with a love so strong
that it will endure forever...
...and create
unbreakable friendships
that will last
even in the face of life's
most difficult challenges.
(laughs)
Cheers, everybody.
ALL:
Cheers.
TAYLOR: Sometimes, the good
comes when we most need it
and least expect it.
If we are lucky enough
to notice it,
set our eyes upon it
and appreciate it,
it can almost make us forget
all of the bad.
"Today is life.
"The only life you're sure of.
Make the most of today."
Words of wisdom.
A slice of goodness
passed on by an innocent soul
whose life was cut short
by an errant bullet.
These are words that will
always stay with me,
words that are about to change
the course of my life forever.
(sighs)
This is not how I
imagined it would happen.
I-I don't know if
it's how you imagined
it would happen, or...
if you even imagined it
happening at all, but...
I'm not sure what you're saying.
L-Let's go in
and have a glass of wine.
I'll make a fire...
No.
No, no, no,
stay here.
I don't want to wait
another minute.
I don't have a ring.
Or a speech.
I-I wasn't
even able to
stop and pick up a cheap
bottle of champagne.
(gasps softly)
I never thought I'd
feel like this again.
You're everything
that's good in my life.
(sighs)
We've been through
so much together.
I need you, Christine,
I want you and I...
I can't imagine my
life without you.
I don't want to...
(sighs)
I just want to spend the rest
of my life with you by my side.
Oh.
Christine...
...will you marry me?
Yes.
Of course I will.
(laughs)
(laughs):
Oh.
This is exactly
how I imagined it.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
CSI NY PRODUCTIONS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org